# Meeting date.

meeting started at 14.11.2025 18:36

meeting ended at 14.11.2025 18:47

# Link to the playable recording with sound.

playable recording with sound (meeting_3_at_20251114_183626.m4a) available via the link:

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1lFrmgIr-B6MBpstlfxNTnKZliYNLUD5s?usp=drive_link

# Action points

## UI/UX Design

**WHAT:** Fix text content (capitalization, word order)
   **WHO:** [03sano30](https://github.com/03sano30)
   **WHEN:**  sprint 2

**WHAT:** Remove old message windows with buttons when new ones appear to prevent chat clutter
   **WHO:** [rikire](https://github.com/rikire)
   **WHEN:**   sprint 2


**WHAT:** Add descriptions to all buttons, for start for main menu.
   **WHO:** [rikire](https://github.com/rikire)
   **WHEN:**   sprint 2


**WHAT:** Replace UTC labels with current time display (hour and minute)
   **WHO:** [rikire](https://github.com/rikire)
   **WHEN:**   sprint 2

## Feature Enhancements

**WHAT:** Implement third button in daily plan events for ignoring notifications
   **WHO:** [rikire](https://github.com/rikire)
   **WHEN:**   sprint 2

**WHAT:** Add Edit button in calendar list with options to: rename, change link, or unlink calendars
   **WHO:** [rikire](https://github.com/rikire)
   **WHEN:**   sprint 2

**WHAT:** write user guide for bit functionality
   **WHO:** [03sano30](https://github.com/03sano30)
   **WHEN:**   sprint 2

## Documentation

**WHAT:** Include complete setup, configuration, and deployment commands in README
   **WHO:** [rikire](https://github.com/rikire)
   **WHEN:**   sprint 2

# Summary of the meeting.

The customer approved the core prototype  

We discussed User Interface (UI) & Experience (UX):
- Potential format-based event creation for simplicity (to be tested alongside a step-by-step dialog).
- Potential simpler event creation interface (with minimum fields).
- Needs to find a way to make simpler timezone input (Agreed to update the selection in-place and show the current time in the selected zone to prevent user errors).
- Discussed consolidating the "Start" and "Main Menu" screens to reduce redundancy.
- Emphasized the need for consistent labels (e.g., "View Events," "Create Event").
- Define where to place a comprehensive User Guide.

Discussed QAS & QAST:
- Approve QASTs, QASs, priority matrix.

# List of speakers. (Github usernames).

- **Customer** - [deemp](https://github.com/deemp)
- **Main Speaker** - [rikire](https://github.com/rikire)
- **Secondary Speakers**:
  - [Ten-Do](https://github.com/Ten-Do)
  - [03sano30](https://github.com/03sano30)
  - [abdra04-gif](https://github.com/abdra04-gif)

  # Transcript of the recording with timestamps and speaker labels.

Transcript of the recording with timestamps and speaker labels (./meeting_3_Transcript/"meeting_3_at_20251114_183626_speaker_en_bilingual_timestamps.txt") available via the link:

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1lFrmgIr-B6MBpstlfxNTnKZliYNLUD5s?usp=drive_link